What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When we initialize a repository, git create a hidden .git folder which can be used to track
	the files we add to the repository. We need it to keep record of the changes and commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is bridge between directory and repository where we can add files
	that we'd like to be tracked by Git and it holds them till we are ready to make
	the commit to the repository itself or even, if need be, remove hem from being
	tracked. 
	Having staging allows us the ability to track the files we'd like instead of say 
	the whole directory. Furthermore, it holds all the changes in the file(s) till they
	are ready to be commited.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	With staging area we will just ass files to it that represent that one logical change
	block. Then commit that before moving to commiting next set of files with logical changes.
	Also, with the help of git diff and git diff --staged we can make sure the files that we 
	are adding and commiting really holds that one quanta of logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	The git branches would be useful in situations involving commits where we might be trying
	out some new experimentl features or a vairation which for the time being need not be inculded
	in the master branch. Thus creating branches for such changes helps us maintian the working 
	code in a separate area and at the same time working on both the experimental features and
	it concurrently.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	With diagrams representing the branch structure it is easier to see where or rather at which commit
	does the branch split from the master branch and its respective progress with commits contained in it.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	By merging two branches together we get a new commit which contains the changes made in both the
	branches till then tip. Representing it in the given diagramatic fashion helps us to understand 
	and analyse where do the braches split and different changes in them. This enables us to make a 
	better judgement of if and when to merge.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Git's automatic merging allows a sure fire way to create a commit combining all the fucnationality of 
	two or more involved branches. Albeit, it fails to read the semantics of the program and would miss 
	naunces such as different implementation of a same function and would throw an conflict error. With 
	manual merge we can use our expertise to combine two or more branches seemlessly taking care of any 
	conflicts. Yet this is extremly time consuming and intensive work. So a combination of automatic merge 
	manual merge does an extremely effective job.