When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    We would want to use remote repository rather working with just local respository when we might be 
    working from a bunch of different computers or we are collaborating on a project with other people. On 
    top of it, it also allows the implicit data redundacy on the cloud and ability share the project with 
    public.
   
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    As with commit and push, having to manually pull changes allows us a degree of freedom as to if and 
    when we would like to include the changes from the remote repository. Also, with the ability to context 
    switch with local branches we can incoporate and test changes locally in different branch other than 
    master and then, merge them according to our wish.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
    
    Branches are labels given to chain of commits with each commit only referencing its parent commit. 
    Branches can be used to test out a new experimental feature or to fix a bug within a repository.
    Clones are exact copies of a remote or even a local repository in a newly created local respository 
    with the history of the commits and realted files. Clones are used to create dulicates of remote 
    files on a local computer and thus enable us to work on them locally.
    Forks are clones of someone else's project on remote repository onto our own remote repository with 
    attribution linking. Forks are used to quickly make clones on a remote repository and enable us to 
    work on a project on our own or even contribute to the project/

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    With the last known state of the remote stored locally, after a certain number of changes and 
    modifications commited locally we can find out with git status how far ahead of the remote head 
    is our local branch head. Also, when running fetch given new independent commits to remote branch 
    we can find out if the current local branch is in-sync or out-of-sync with remote branch and 
    approriately run git merge to get a combined output.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    If it were documents, spreadsheets, text files, and presentation, I would have used google drive and 
    docs. This would have enabled me to concurently work with my collaborator on a single file at the same 
    time, see revision history, comments, annotation, etc. This would reduced the overhead with committing, 
    pushing and pulling changes manually and also the apparent lack of real-time collaboration. But on the 
    other hand if it were code (or better yet project with multiple code files and all), we would be using 
    dropbox, GDrive or similar and version each code file by chaning the file name. This would have a 
    compounded complexity very quickly, and the changes and bugs would be very tedious to keep track of. 
      
